- This template is stripped down from what I use in [STA 240](https://github.com/sta240-f25/sta240-f25.github.io), which in turn is ripped straight from [MCR's stuff](https://github.com/sta199-f25/sta199-f25.github.io). All that source code is public, so take a look for inspo;
- `index.qmd` is the homepage and it contains the table with the course schedule. This table is pulled in from a Google sheet and then formatted with some admittedly opaque tidy code. You'll figure it out. Fee free to change the google sheet, or do something entirely different;
- `_quarto.yml` is, like, the brains of the operation. All the main settings and site organization and formatting are in there;
  - The `background` bit under `sidebar` and `page-footer` governs the color. 
- I do everything through RStudio. I load the website repo in as a project just like we do in 199, and I commit push all my changes. When I want to re-build the site, I go to the **Terminal** and run `quarto publish gh-pages`. All the quarto files are then rendered locally on your machine, and the resulting html stuff is sent to GitHub for hosting. You can read [here](https://quarto.org/docs/publishing/github-pages.html#publish-command) for more details. I have configured everything for you and the site is currently live, so unless you break something horribly, the only thing you have to do is commit-push changes on the main branch and then run that one command in the Terminal. 
- the `style/` directory has stuff in it that I take straight from MCR. I have no clue what `.scss` is, and I don't really understand the syntax inside, but it's self-explanatory enough that I've tweaked things a bit. Feel free to play around, but I won't be much help.

